{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,2,3]You bite hard into the hand covering your mouth and taste blood. The man yelps, startlingly high pitched. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93[Xe] bit me.\u8221\'94 He says.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi! That\u8217\'92s rude, you piece of fuck.\u8221\'94 A second male voice says from closer to the bed than you would like. You let out a shout of alarm and push yourself backwards away from the two attackers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shhhhhhh!\u8221\'94 a female voice says from closer to the door, sounding angry. \u8220\'93Keep it down. We don\u8217\'92t want to be caught.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes you fucking do. You open your mouth to shout \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh no you don\u8217\'92t\u8221\'94 the second male sayeshout out a strangled \u8220\'93Help!\u8221\'94 before the same large hands are closing over your mouth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop.\u8221\'94 The man holding your mouth closed says. You strain and scratch at his hands, trying to pull them away from your face. You hear a loud thud coming from the room next to yours and a voice muffled through the walls. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit, boss. Abort?\u8221\'94 the second male says, backing away from you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Agreed. There are more people waking up.\u8221\'94 The woman says. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get out of here before the whole building comes down on us.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first and largest assailant immediately lets go of you and sprints out the door, his footfalls surprisingly light for his large frame. The second man falls back almost as quickly, stumbling over himself on the way out the door and then all three of them are gone, leaving the door clicked shut behind them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck. You breathe, feeling you face over for bruises.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Someone barges into your room and you scream, cowering back into your bed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bloody heaving fuck, [Name]. It\u8217\'92s just me.\u8221\'94 It\u8217\'92s Drew. It\u8217\'92s just Drew. You let out a shaky breath.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck.\u8221\'94 You say.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell happened? Why was there yelling?\u8221\'94 He asks, coming to crouch down in front of you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93[Name]?\u8221\'94 Liaba asks from the door. She rushes in. \u8220\'93I heard yelling. What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,2,3,1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94I - Nothing. Just a nightmare. I\u8217\'92m Ok.\u8221\'94 You say, trying o steady your breathing and calm your racing heart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,2,3,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94There were Vagabonds! In my room. I think they were trying to kidnap me.\u8221\'94 You say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}