{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [2]Eve opens her mouth to reply to you then clamps it shut, glancing at the tall man. Did he force her to join? He looks between you and her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A friend, is it Eve?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My [XTHER] actually.\u8221\'94 Eve replies but she isn\u8217\'92t looking at him, she\u8217\'92s looking at you. You don\u8217\'92t know what your face is doing right now but it incites her into saying, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, [NAME]. You wouldn\u8217\'92t understand. The Vagabonds aren\u8217\'92t trying to hurt anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course we aren\u8217\'92t, Eve. That you even feel the need to state it-\u8221\'94 He looks at you. It\u8217\'92s about at that time that you remember that these Vagabonds have committed an unknown number of atrocities against your city. You tense, taking your eyes from Eve\u8217\'92s to meet his. \u8220\'93Ah, but of course. [NAME] was it? I don\u8217\'92t think we\u8217\'92ve met before. My name is Rasputin. I wont presume your sister has had the forethought to tell you but I am the leader of the Vagabonds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh Fuck. The Leader. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh - ah. Right. Right.\u8221\'94 You gulp. What are you still doing here? Your eyes flick back to your sister, looking for an explanation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93[NAME]. I should have told you, I know, but it\u8217\'92s not like I didn\u8217\'92t try. You have always been so stuck up on working in that shitty fucking factory-\u8221\'94 Rasputin raises his hand and your sisters mouth clicks shut immediately. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It must have come as a shock, your sister joining our group.\u8221\'94 A cramp has developed in your left calf from standing tense for so long. You dare not more. \u8220\'93I know how we must seem from the outside. You must think that by working in The Factory you are protecting everyone in the city who can\u8217\'92t work themselves. Yet the Vagabonds can work yet choose not to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand. Evey time a worker leaves the Factory the other workers have to pick up the slack. We can\u8217\'92t keep doing this. It\u8217\'92s killing us. If you understand this why then. Why are you doing it?\u8221\'94 you ask. If he knows why you hate the Vagabonds, if he knows why you think they are scum who turned against their own people, then why?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our actions aren\u8217\'92t without cause. We are the rebellion as you rightly know. But do you know who we are rebelling against?\u8221\'94 You had always thought they were against working in the Factory. That they were lazy and selfish and would rather have an easy life without toil and pain then protect their people. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You glance from one face to another and spot another familiar face in the crowd. Rush. An older guy who used to work alongside you at the furnaces. He had been hardworking and committed to keeping your city alive. Rush had been a guiding force in your early days of working in the factory after your parents deaths.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rush had disappeared one day. He never said anything. It had been a crushing blow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what he is rebelling against, or what bought your sister over to the Vagabonds side.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin speaks again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is good reason we rebel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Choices]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2.1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Explain it to me then.\u8221\'94 You say. Rasputin nods, satisfied and motions for you to follow him. You follow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2.2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Everyone has to work. It\u8217\'92s the only way to keep the Bioforms out of the city. You need to stop this.\u8221\'94 You say}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2.3]You look at Eve. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, come back home. You shouldn\u8217\'92t be doing this no matter what fucked up reasons they\u8217\'92ve given you to make you think it\u8217\'92s OK.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}