{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [2]Eve opens her mouth to reply to you then clamps it shut, glancing at the tall man. Did he put her up to this? He looks between you and her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A friend, is it Eve?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My [Xther] actually.\u8221\'94 Eve replies but she isn\u8217\'92t looking at him, she\u8217\'92s looking at you. You don\u8217\'92t know what your face is doing right now but it incites her into saying, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, [NAME]. You wouldn\u8217\'92t understand. The Vagabonds aren\u8217\'92t trying to hurt anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course we aren\u8217\'92t, Eve. That you even feel the need to state it-\u8221\'94 He looks at you. It\u8217\'92s about at that time that you remember that these Vagabonds have committed an unknown number of atrocities against your city. You tense, taking your eyes from Eve\u8217\'92s to meet his. \u8220\'93Ah, but of course. [NAME] was it? I don\u8217\'92t think we\u8217\'92ve met before. My name is Rasputin. I wont presume your sister has had the forethought to tell you but I am the leader of the Vagabonds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh Fuck. The Leader. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh - ah. Right. Right.\u8221\'94 You gulp. What are you still doing here? Your eyes flick back to your sister, looking for an explanation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93[NAME]. I should have told you I know but it\u8217\'92s not like I didn\u8217\'92t try. You have always been so stuck up on working in that shitty fucking factory-\u8221\'94 Rasputin raises his hand and your sisters jaw clicks shut immediately. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It must have come as a shock, your sister joining our group.\u8221\'94 A cramp has developed in your left calf from standing tense for so long. You dare not more. \u8220\'93I know how we must seem from the outside, by working in The Factory you are protecting everyone in the city who can\u8217\'92t and yet even though we are able we do not work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand. Are you trying to make yourself out to be the bad guys?\u8221\'94 you ask. If he knows why you hate the Vagabonds, why you think they are scum who turned against the people, then why do they do it?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just don\u8217\'92t understand why she would do it. You guys are making it harder for the rest of us by not working. The Factory is the only thing protecting us from the Bioforms.\u8221\'94 You fume for a second but then realise who you\u8217\'92re talking to. \u8220\'93Uhh, no offence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}