{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [3.1.2]The confusion, the slowed world, the pain - That must have been their aspects. Your heart is beating fast, fueled by adrenalin, but not nearly that sickening rapid-fire speed it was just a few seconds ago. Stupid. What just came over you?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93OK.\u8221\'94 You breath out, calming yourself down. \u8220\'93Ok. I\u8217\'92m listening.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know why your sister defected?\u8221\'94 Rasputin asks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You seethe but manage to hold the anger in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 Your heart is still pounding faster then it ought to be and you resist against the instinct to struggle against the remaining hands on you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She asked us why we were fighting. She asked us what our cause was. And when she found out, she asked how she could help. The answer to that was simple in her case. She has the most intriguing aspect, you see, as I assume you know quite well. That, my dear [Name], is why Eve defected.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are quiet for a second. Eve has always been more curious then is healthy, always pulling you into trouble, going where she shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t go. But she is also smart. Smarter then you if you\u8217\'92re being honest (Which you may as well be seeing as it\u8217\'92s your own head). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You have always trusted her before to have good reason for doing what she does even if you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t agree.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was your answer?\u8221\'94 you finally ask. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin smiles, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good question. But I think it best if I show you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2.1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94OK.\u8221\'94 You say. The hands release you. You follow when Rasputin starts walking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C3.1.2.2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Fuck that. I\u8217\'92m not going anywhere with you.\u8221\'94 You say.}}