{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [2.2]Eve speaks up, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not the only way you shitty little [XTHER]. DO you have any idea what we\u8217\'92re doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. And I don\u8217\'92t want to know. If you could all just give up this little charade and come back, it would-\u8221\'94 you let out a frustrated sound. \u8220\'93The other workers would have it so much better. There would be less pressure on the individual. I could work a fucking six hour shift instead of a fucking twelve!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t matter-\u8221\'94 Eve starts. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin motions for her to stop and you startle out of your tirade. You forgot to be scared of them for a second there. But Eve does that to you sometimes, frustrates you enough to start yelling.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It does matter.\u8221\'94 Rasputin says. \u8220\'93I know the workers are tired. But it had to be done. But don\u8217\'92t worry. All the pieces are almost in place. Relief is coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well that wasn\u8217\'92t cryptic or anything.\u8221\'94 You say before you can think better of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin chuckles. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t give the game away. With your disposition you would go running to whatever authorities you think could do something to stop as and foil our plans. What\u8217\'92s more important then what we\u8217\'92re doing, is why.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Choices]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2.1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Why then.\u8221\'94 You ask. He motions for you to follow. You follow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2.2.1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Why then.\u8221\'94 You ask. He motions for you to follow. You don\u8217\'92t trust him in any way. \u8220\'93What? I\u8217\'92m not going with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2.2.2]Whatever they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re planning maybe you can stop it right here and now. You thumb the flick knife in your pocket.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}