{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [2.1]Eve sticks by your side and doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say a word as the Vagabonds lead you away from your normal route home and deeper into the abandoned parts of the city. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You wonder if this is how they recruited her, maybe this is how they recruit all their members. Just picking them up from the sidewalk and convincing them to go with them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you taking me?\u8221\'94 you ask after a few minutes of walking. You are heading straight for unknown roads. This is already further into the Fringes then you\u8217\'92ve walked before.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Taking you?\u8221\'94 Rasputin replies, \u8220\'93No, no. You can go back at any time. This is just a demonstration. I thought it best I show you what exactly what we rebel against.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You pass under a huge bridge. It is crumbling and cracked in a way that makes you doubt it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going to stay standing for much longer. Some of the other Vagabonds stay back but your sister and Rasputin continue forward. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other Vagabonds look nervous, eying up the crumbling buildings around you. What are they afraid of? Sure the bridge looks sketchy as fuck but its not much worse then the rest of the city.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You hesitate for only a second before jogging to catch up with Eve and Rasputin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin start talking again, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever wondered how the rations never run out? How you get new clothes when your old ones wear through with holes? Who makes those cans of food, who makes the clothes if it\u8217\'92s none of as? You all work in the Factory. Everyone works in the Factory\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The buildings on the other side of the bridge are in an even worse state, half slumped into each other, with no sign of human life. At least the streets look walked if not lived in. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why are the other Vagabonds weary of this place? You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t place what\u8217\'92s different. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, as you walk further out, you spot it, growing in the cracks of a building - A Bioform.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You take a half step back. The Bioforms are everything your community has ever feared. They are why you work so hard - you pump out smog to keep the Bioforms out of your sanctuary, your city. For Bioforms to be growing here you must have come right out to the edge of what the smog reaches. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tiny patches of flora you notice as you pass wont be enough to kill anyone in these low numbers, and you and your sister have nothing to fear yourselves, but this must be why the other Vagabonds hung back. Bioforms are terrifying for a person who isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t immune. Their presence means death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get it. What does this have to do with the rations?\u8221\'94 you ask. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t turn back towards you to reply, and you sister just smirks, a knowing glint in her eye.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Patches of green grow on almost all of the buildings now and the air is starting to clear up from the smog heavy air you are used to. You breath in deep and smell polin. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s something you havent smelled in a long time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You wonder if Rasputin has an Aspect similar to yours and your sisters? Your Aspects make you  immune to the toxin secreted by the Bioforms. Most people would die if they breathed in the sickly sweet scent for too long. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is your Aspect like ours?\u8221\'94 you ask. You fall into step next to Rasputin and Eve. Eve scoffs as Rasputin shakes his head. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My Aspect lets me sense importance. That is how I found this place.\u8221\'94 He gestures as you come up to an empty crumbling lot, \u8220\'93And that is how I found Eve.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the first wide open space you have seen in a while. There are Bioforms growing all over the place, poking through the cracks and along rusted wire fences, a smear of green, vivid as poison against the gray tones of the city. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not quite a forest but it\u8217\'92s more then most people have seen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea what \u8216\'91importance\u8217\'92 means. How is this place important?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hard to describe how my Aspect works. At this location, I sense a swelling of significance that ebbs and flow through time. Right now it is almost at it\u8217\'92s crescendo. Something important is about to happen here. Watch.\u8221\'94 He points far off over the tops of the buildings where the smog has thinned to almost nonexistent levels. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You squint in that direction. The sky is brighter then you are used to without the dampening cover of smog. For a few long seconds you see nothing, but then a glint catches you eye. There is something\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 in the sky?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something pale and white. A flytecraft.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It\u8217\'92s been years since there were flytecrafts, since before you were born. Flytecrafts are flying transport ships that were common before the days of the pandemic. You\u8217\'92ve seen pictures from the history books and when you were a child you used to play in the hollow of a stripped out flytecraft but for one to be up and functioning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fucking hell. A flytecraft.\u8221\'94 You say.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right?!\u8221\'94 Eve says, grinning at you. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s in like, mint condition and everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The flytecraft is closer now and getting closer still. Fuck. How is it still running. You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even have cars anymore as all your resources go to producing smog in the factory. \u8220\'93Is there another city out there that still has flightcrafts running?\u8221\'94 You ask, thinking out loud.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94 You look away from the flytecrafts decent to give Rasputin a sharp confused look.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How don\u8217\'92t you know. Haven\u8217\'92t you asked? I\u8217\'92m not confused am I? This isn\u8217\'92t the first time the flytecraft has come here. From what you were insinuating I assumed this flytecraft is what\u8217\'92s been supplying the food and shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes that part is correct.\u8221\'94 The flytecraft touches down with barley a whisper and doors open on several sides. \u8220\'93But we can\u8217\'92t exactly ask the pilots.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Several delivery drones - robots from before the pandemic - exit from the multiple doors pulling trolleys and head off to the a gap in the fences you didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice before.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are they going?\u8221\'94 you ask Rasputin. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To a drop off point close to the city. We have followed them multiple times before, we\u8217\'92ve blocked them, taken their packages, kidnapped them so we can pull them apart, we\u8217\'92ve even destroyed them. None of it helped us find out who they answer to. They have a singular purpose, to drop off their assets and get back to the flytecraft. That is all they know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stream of delivery drones finally tapers off and dissapears between two buildings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Choices]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2.1.1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94I want to see for myself.\u8221\'94 You say. Rasputin nods and gestures towards where the robots disappeared as if to say \u8216\'91After you.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2.1.2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94If the robots were a dead end what about just getting on the ship and seeing where it goes?\u8221\'94 Rasputin nods. \u8220\'93We did try that, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}