{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.1.1.2]The night draws on as you stumble through unfamiliar streets. The pale glow reflecting off of the smog from the Bioforms that surround this vast city is the only thing lighting your wavering path. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bring yourself to run, exhausted as you are from your long day in the Factory but you\u8217\'92re stubborn and refuse to turn back. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It hurts to keep moving. The street sways under your feet. You are dizzy from lack of sleep and the stress of searching for your sister. What is your don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find her. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No sound jumps out at you, no twitch of movement calls your attention. Nothing.  Your knees almost buckle on your next step.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where is she?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wh-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You gasp and your eyes prick. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve slowed almost to a stop.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where the fu-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You cant stop you cant. You cant loose her. She is all you have left. You have to get to her. Eve is out here. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You cling to her ring, the ring you gave her. Why would she give it back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How could she do this to you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only thing keeping you upright and moving at this point is your desperate anger.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are utterly and completely lost and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all her fault. How could she?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck her. Fuck you for letting her fuck you over like this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your eyes are blurring too much so see the street in front of you. You blindly stumble on. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no surprise when you trip but you are shocked anyway at the audacity the universe has for punching you while this rage of emotions is tearing through you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You hit the ground hard on hands and knees and feel the palms of your hands tear. Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Ring goes flying out into the street.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [I1]You have lost SISTERS RING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Choices]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.2.1]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The soft ping of Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ring hitting the street somewhere out in the dark}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  shocks the anger out of you. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your emotions clog in your throat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.3]Fuck this. And fuck Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ring. You haul yourself back to your feet, turn, and start walking back towards home.}}