{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [2.1.1]The first thing the Robots do is head underground. The dip down into the gloom of an old parking complex and head down several levels. The other vagabonds meet up with you at the entrance and you all head down, several of them pulling out flashlights to light the way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This explains why you have never seen them. You did your fair share of exploring back in your youth with Eve, before you both had to start work in the Factory. You even went all the way to the edge. That was where you discovered your Aspect. Both you and Eve were immune to the polin. And when your friends were with you they were immune too. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People still go to the edge of the city even though they know of the dangers the poison provides. You know because kids still come home teary-eyed and sneezing and are rushed inside by their mothers to get the yellow dust cleaned out of their clothes. Most of them don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t die. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most of them stay in bed for a few days and shake until the small amount of poisoned polin clears through their system from playing too close for too long near the edge of the city.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You and your sister though had gone deep into the trees and never caught their sickness. Your friends had stuck by your side and been safe too. Because unlike Eve, you could stop others from getting sick too just from having them near you when they were close to the Bioforms. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }}