{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.2.1.1]You punch the closest one right in the chin, the highest you can reach. They let out a deep grunt but don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t budge from on to of you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tie [Xer] up. We need to get out of here.\u8221\'94 A womans voice says from the other side of the room near the door. Oh fuck no. Fuck this. There is no way you\u8217\'92re going anywhere with these people. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Little busy here.\u8221\'94 Says the man holding you down. He has grabbed your free arm but you are not making it easy for him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not you, Greg. Patrick!\u8221\'94 She shout whispers. \u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s the rucksack!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greg\u8217\'92s got it, boss.\u8221\'94 The man tying you up says. He pulls the cloth tight around your mouth and you flinch as it cuts into your skin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll, get it from him and put it on the kid. We have to move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure [Xe]\u8217\'92s a kid, boss. [Xe]\u8217\'92s been working in the factory I hear. Must be at lest my age.\u8221\'94 Gag-man Patrick says as he rustles around in the pockets of strong-man Greg. You try and head-butt him but the angle isn\u8217\'92t right and end up just lightly knocking your head against his arm.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Semantics, Patrick. You\u8217\'92re all kids to me. Just hurry up. We have to be out of here ASAP if we want to not wake the whole bloody building.\u8221\'94 Patrick seems to find what he was looking for because be pulls out from Gregs endless pockets and shoves a heavy cloth bag over your head.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right you are, boss.\u8221\'94 He says.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}