{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.1.1.3.2.2]You head towards home, walking as quietly as you can. You can almost hear the voices if you stop and strain to listen to them. Every time you do you adjust your path home, taking detours that take you further away from the group of voices.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Luckily, they seem to be heading deeper into the Fringes away from your route home. You let out a sign of relief and stop once more to listen for them. They are so far away now that you can no longer hear them even with how dead silent the night is. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bone deep tiredness has settled over you know. What were you thinking? Why did you run out after your sister like that? Stupid. This city is too vast and too unknown. There was no way you could have found her. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chances are there is some secret Vagabond passageway out to their hide-out you never would have stumbled upon anyway. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And know you just know you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to be even more exhausted then normal during work tomorrow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You see a shadow shifting out of periphery before you are tackled to the hard pavement by a large shape. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wind is knocked out of you. You wheeze out a breath, stunned. The shape - a large man - is pressing you down into the pavement with his weight. You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t breath.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two more shapes come into your line of sight - more people. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoop!\u8221\'94 one of them says - a man, \u8220\'93We got \u8216\'91[Xm], boss. What are the chances, eh?\u8221\'94 Fuck. Are these guys fucking Vagabonds?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You finally pull in a painful breath and shout - hoping someone will hear you. But you know you are still to far away from home. No one but Vagabonds would dare be out this far this late at night. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apart from your stupid fucking ass.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get the gag, Patrick. We have no time to waste.\u8221\'94 A womans voice says - the third Vagabond. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are so fucked. While the first man still crushes you, muffling your yelling by virtue of his weight pressing on your lungs - the other man pulls out a foul smelling cloth and stuffs it in your open mouth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You thrash and try to push the cloth out but he ties another one around your mouth, keeping the first in place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great work with that tackle, Greg. Truly astounding if I do say so myself.\u8221\'94 The second man - Patrick - says, tying the gag off with a sharp tug that digs into your skin. You wince.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All in a days work, Patrick.\u8221\'94 The man on top of you says. You thrash but his hold on you is too solid and your already tired body is worn out after running off into the night like you did.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which pocket is the rucksack in, Greg? I can never remember where you shove things in the big coat of yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bottom right.\u8221\'94 Greg says. Patrick riffles through Greg\u8217\'92s coat and pulls out a black bag which be promptly shove over your head and pulls tight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, this was easier then I expected.\u8221\'94 The woman says. \u8220\'93And to think we thought we missed [Xer] too. What are the chances we would stumble upon [Xer] on the way back home after calling the mission a failure. Rasputin will be amused.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greg shifts his weight off you, pulling your up by your wrists which he still has gripped tight in his fists.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.3.2.2.1]Kick him as you dangle from his hands.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.3.2.2.2]Let them take you. }}