{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Come in here for a second. We need to talk\u8221\'94 You say instead. Her head pokes into the room before she creeps inside to sit next to you at the table.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94OK.\u8221\'94 You say rubbing a hand down your face. How do you even begin to address what your sister had done. \u8220\'93I saw you with the rebels today\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 you glance up at her. \u8220\'93Bad choice on your part i\u8217\'92m afraid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She smiles and looks away. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, well. Staying at the factory is shittier. Look at you, you\u8217\'92re falling asleep as we talk.\u8221\'94 You shift further upright where you have slumped down in your seat and try to feel more awake. \u8220\'93Do you have any idea how much better I\u8217\'92m feeling after getting more than a shitty little handful of hours rest more than one day in a row?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait how long have you been hanging with these fucks?\u8221\'94 You vaguely recall noticing her absence at home a few times but you\u8217\'92re normally too tired to think about diner let alone something as strenuous as contemplating the absence of someone who isn\u8217\'92t even there. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A couple weeks now. They asked me to join actually after they heard about my Aspect. They must be trying to get out of the city or something? Honestly I don\u8217\'92t really give a shit as long as they keep letting me live in their bunkers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d sell your soul for anything wouldn\u8217\'92t you.\u8221\'94 you say.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah well hit me up when you want to feel alive again. I\u8217\'92m done working for that shit fueled factory.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You fume for a second as Eve gets up and starts gathering her stuff from around the room. You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand why she can trust them when everything they are doing goes against the greater good. By not working in the factory they just put more pressure on everyone else. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The factory protects everyone and they know that. The heavy smog it pumps into the air day in and day out forms a powerful chemical barrier against the Bioforms of this world. If it weren't for the factory all of Fragos would have been slaughtered in the Bio forms first attack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And your sister is just thinking of her beauty sleep. Typical. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stops behind you where you are still slumped over the table. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could join us.\u8221\'94 She says, her tone cautious and hopeful.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could shut up.\u8221\'94 You reply, voice muffled from where your face is pressed into your arm. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything else and before long the door is clicking closed behind her.}}