{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.3.2.2.2]Someone who isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t Greg - Greg himself is still holding you up by the wrists - grabs your legs and starts wrapping them up with a rope. Before you can think to struggle they pull the knot tight and start to work doing the same on your wrists.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are fully hog-tied and still have no idea what is going on. What do these Vagabonds want with you? Unless they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re in the habit is kidnapping every person they come across who\u8217\'92s stupid enough to wander around alone at night.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fucking hell. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greg hauls you up and over his shoulder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on boys.\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The woman says,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get back to HQ. This had been one surprisingly successful mission.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I must say, boss, I completely agree.\u8221\'94 Patrick says, \u8220\'93I thought we had missed [Xer] for sure when [Xe] weren\u8217\'92t in [Xis] bed like we assumed [Xe] would be. What are the chances we would stumble across the fucker out here on our way back? It\u8217\'92s amazing it is.\u8221\'94 So they were after you specifically. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But how did they hear you? You were so quiet? You had thought you lost them when you had stopped hearing them talking but somehow they caught you anyway.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With every step Greg takes his shoulder digs further into your stomach, forming bruises. You wiggle, trying to alleviate the pressure on your stomach. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you Greg!\u8221\'94 Patrick continues, \u8220\'93What a catch. That was one spectacular tackle if I do say so myself. Now that\u8217\'92s what I admire about you, Greg. You really know how to handle your aspect.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You wished you had a good aspect. Something that was actually helpful. Greg get something that helps him tackle good apparently and all you get is immunity to toxins. It protects you against the Bioforms, sure, but the city does that already! It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s functionally useless. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greg\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s painful walking continues. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a while you start hear more voices, and feel your blood run cold. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92ve you got there, Greg?\u8221\'94 one asks}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.2.1.1.1.1]Be dumped on the floor by Greg.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}