{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1]Your sister appears in the doorway looking as angry as you are. She opens her mouth to retort but you aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t finished. \u8220\'93Dad didn\u8217\'92t work his fucking bones to the ground for you to skive off work to go hang out with rebel scum like them. Did you even fucking stop to consider who you were hurting?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know what you\u8217\'92re talking about, [NAME]. Do you even have any idea who I was with!? No. if course not. You don\u8217\'92t think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes I fucking do. You\u8217\'92re the one-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stomps over to where you are sitting at the table, hands fisted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut your shitting mouth, no you don\u8217\'92t. The vagabonds aren\u8217\'92t the bad guys!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You groan and thump your head down on the table. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you have to be like this. Can\u8217\'92t you just sit down and shut up for once in your life. Working in the The Factory protects us and the Vagabonds refuse to work. Them not working just makes it harder for the rest of us.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Factory is a shit-hole\u8221\'94 She mutters. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We would die if it wasn\u8217\'92t for the factory!\u8221\'94 You say. She rolls her eyes at your words and pushes her glasses further up her nose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what they want you to think.\u8221\'94 She says smuggly. What. What does that even mean? \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll I\u8217\'92m not going back. I\u8217\'92m going to get out of this shitty town and when I do i\u8217\'92ll never have to work in that dump-hole ever again.\u8221\'94 She extends her middle finger towards you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It makes your blood boil. How can she refuse to work knowing what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s out there and knowing that The Factory protects you from it? You pull her down by the arm so her face is close to yours, \u8220\'93You are going to work tomorrow.\u8221\'94 You say, voice low and careful. She stares back at you, defiant, matching you stare for stare before she and rips her arm out of your grip.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never again.\u8221\'94 she says. Then she walks over to her bunk and starts pulling things into a backpack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You groan again and thump your head back down on the table. Sometimes you just want to wrap your hand around your sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck and strangle her until she listens to you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re so tired. You should probably haul yourself off to bed and leave her to ruin her own life. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve stomps around the small space picking up the few items she owns that are scattered around. You watch her progress from where you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re still slumped across the table. There are only you and your sisters two beds in the room plus the table with it\u8217\'92s two mismatched chairs. It doesn\u8217\'92t take her long to gather up her few possessions but your eyes droop anyway. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are half asleep again by the time she steps up behind you and you hear a clink of something dropping onto the table. Then before you can do more then lift your head she has sweep out of the room and back out into the night.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You sit up and stretch the crink out of your back. The empty silence of the room seeps into your tired limbs. On the table is a simple ring, one of your sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rings. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the ring you gave her as a gift when she started her first day in The Factory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Item]You have received SISTERS RING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Choices]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1]You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let her do this. You slap yourself to back awake and pull yourself back to your feet. Then before you can second guess your sudden resolve you run out into the night to look for Eve.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.2]She can look after herself for one night. You pull yourself to your feet just long enough to strip your uniform off and crawl into bed. You are so tired.}}