{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1]You groan, a headache pounding in your head. Your on a mattress in a dark room. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God. Fuck. What did you do last night? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You squint into the darkness but you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t recognise the room. Are you even in The House?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door on the other side of the room opens with a loud groan revealing a skinny looking dude you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re never seen before and a hallway you don\u8217\'92t recognise. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck. You remember now. You were out looking for Eve and\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Did she knock you out? Her own [Xther]? The Vagabonds have corrupted her more than you thought.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8217\'92Ello, there [name]. Now, you may be wondering what is happening right now, and with fair reasoning. I\u8217\'92m Patrick, and I will be your captor this morning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s carrying a plate of something steaming. He pulls a panel down from the wall, turning it into a table shelf thing held up by chains and places on it a plate of what looks like surprisingly good quality re-hydrated food. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eat quickly. We have a big day ahead of us.\u8221\'94 He says, shutting the door behind him as he leaves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1]You have hardly finished eating when six people enter your cell, Rasputin at the forefront.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}