{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Right. This is everyone then.\u8221\'94 He turns his back to you, surveying his group. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve is with him. When you catch her eye you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see any sign or regret.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Could you tie [name] up again Patrick. We need to be going in a few minutes.\u8221\'94 You stand ready to fight your way past. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (What are you doing. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sex fucking beefy people. Just because you had a nights rest and a warm meal does not mean you can fight past six people. No to mention what other Vagabonds are in the building.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It goes about as well as last time. You are tied up again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They forgo the head bag though. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nice of them. You\u8217\'92re still gagged and tied ankle and wrist. And being carried over Greg\u8217\'92s shoulder again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You catch glimpses of staircases and bustling rooms full of other Vagabonds before your group is finally out of the building.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You jolt with every step Greg takes. It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take the group long to get where they\u8217\'92re going. Yon see enough from where you\u8217\'92re dangling over Greg\u8217\'92s shoulder to see when a flytecraft comes into view holy shit, the Vagabonds have  flytecraft!? And it works!? It sits idly, humming away, waiting for people to board. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,3,1,1,1,1,1,1,1]The Vagabonds seem to be waiting for something though as they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t board right away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}