{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,2,3,1,1,1]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94But I have questions.\u8221\'94 You say.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94 He stands, \u8221\'94I can answer anything you like but first - there are seven hours until we leave, if you want to rest, it may be best to do so now.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Boss ushers you out of the room and the three of you step back out into the din of the main hall.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You glance back one more time as you leave to see Rasputin sitting back down in his office. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You stop following Boss and she turns back to you when she notices \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to bed until I\u8217\'92ve seen Eve.\u8221\'94 You say.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That can be arranged. Patrick. Would you keep [Name] company while [Xe] waits? I myself would rather go to bed.. It\u8217\'92s been a long night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure thing Boss.\u8221\'94 He says. \u8220\'93How good are you at cards?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t very good at cards it turns out. To be honest it\u8217\'92s a feet even staying awake. Greg, even though he wasn\u8217\'92t asked to stay, joins you as well and takes the brunt of Patrick\u8217\'92s chatter for which you are very grateful. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More than an hour has passed before Patrick pipes up with, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh look there\u8217\'92s Eve and Ellie-May now. That took longer than expected.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That wakes you up. You turn and see Eve making her way across the room. She hasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t spotted you yet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eve?\u8221\'94 you yell across the room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turns looking for whoever called her name and then spots you. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holly shit, [Name]!? What are you doing here!?\u8221\'94 she says jogging over. Another girl follows close behind her and stops with her by your table. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess I\u8217\'92m a Vagabond now?\u8221\'94 you says.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93[Xe] rightly is.\u8221\'94 Patrick says. \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t even fight it or nothin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well that is a surprise.\u8221\'94 Eve says. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t think you had it in you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck off.\u8221\'94 You say, \u8220\'93I can do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She smirks. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see you\u8217\'92ve met the local lads, Greg and Patrick.  This here is Ellie-May. She\u8217\'92s been teaching me the ropes here since I joined.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ellie-May grins at you, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greg lets out a wide yawn and blinks at you all. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I better get this one to bed.\u8221\'94 Patrick says. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll see all of you in the morning. Night. Greg and Patrick wander off.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly I could go for a nap myself.\u8221\'94 Eve says. \u8220\'93Come on. Let\u8217\'92s find a bunk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She take you through a set of doors into a large room lined with bunk beds. Most of them are mismatched, some wider or taller than others, some made of metal, others of wood. The Vagabonds must have scrounged these up from the surrounding empty buildings. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve never slept in a proper bed before. You and your sister always just had your mattresses. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s darker in here than the other room, quieter too. With only the sounds of sleeping filling the silence. Most of the beds near the door are filled with sleeping people and the three of you tip-toe through the throng until Ellie-May says, \u8220\'93Hey, I found a triple.\u8221\'94 And pulls your small group to the side.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve hands you a pile of blankets and points to the bottom bunk. It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take you long to settle into the quiet room. You pull the blankets around yourself and sleep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,1]Wake up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}