{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,2,3,1,1,2]His stare hardens. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was hoping it would not have to come to this. Greg-\u8221\'94 he nods to him where he is still standing behind you, \u8220\'93-Take [Xer] to the cells.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both Greg and Patrick grab you by the arms, one on each side. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You struggle briefly but it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s useless. They march you past other Vagabonds and through more doors, leading you down into the depths of their hide-out. Your struggles do nothing against the powerhouse that is Greg and he easily manhandles you down into a darker part of the building.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Boss unlocks a heavy metal door. You are pushed into the room and onto a cot in the corner before you can try anything. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What a turn of events.\u8221\'94 Boss says from the door, \u8220\'93And here I thought you\u8217\'92d come quietly, even join us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t do this.\u8221\'94 You say, \u8220\'93I want to see Eve, where is she!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry. You\u8217\'92ll see her in the morning.\u8221\'94 Patrick says. The three of them leave, locking the door behind them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You sigh and lean back into your cot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh and don\u8217\'92t think about trying nothin\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 Patrick says, his voice muffled through the door. \u8220\'93Ima be here all night keeping watch on you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great.\u8221\'94 You say. They even have you under guard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You lean back in your cot and let your eyes closed. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been a long day, even before you decided to go wandering around outside. You drift off to sleep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1]be woken up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}