{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,3,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1]You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to wait long. Eve and Ellie-May spend most of the time chatting and ignoring you. After a few minutes, when it\u8217\'92s clear that they are ignoring you, you spread out on your back to take some of the strain off your ankles where the rope is digging into your skin. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You know, you might have fared better if you had just joined them, than at least you wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be tied up like this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a rumble as the doors open again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit.\u8220\'93 Eve says. You struggle to sit up again. For a few seconds the light through the door is too bright and you squint against it. And then all you see is green. It\u8217\'92s all green.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Except, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not the forest. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through the door you can see the remnants of another civilisation. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like the Bioforms grew into the shapes of buildings - all clean lines and paths all made from Bioforms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve is up in a second, running out the door and letting out another, louder, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greg bursts out from the door he went through a few minutes ago with Patrick right behind and almost at the same time Rasputin and Boss do the same.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa.\u8221\'94 Patrick says. Staring at where Eve has opened her arms to the sunlight, surrounded by green buildings. She is out in the open, unafraid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A figure looms out from a doorway. And for a second you think they did it. The Vagabonds found another city just like your Fragos, another sanctuary for the last humans on Dirth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The figure steps out and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s green - just like the buildings. It is undoubtedly a Bioform from the rough mossy texture of its skin to way the mouth gapes with vines. And yet the shape can only be described as humanoid as it walks towards your sister upright with two legs. Greg gasps and falls back, shocked by the sight of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 Rasputin says, eyes wide. He stumbles forward as the figure looms on Eve. \u8220\'93Eve, get back here.\u8221\'94 He says.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stares at it as it comes closer, looking intrigued. No. You want to say. You want to get closer, to protect her but you can only watch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More figures step out from the surrounding buildings, dozens of humanoid Bioforms. Some are tall or wide or hunched but all of them are green with flora and life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Boss covers her mouth with a soft gasp. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Those are people.\u8221\'94 She says. \u8220\'93All of them. Those are all humans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Humans. These are all humans. You watch as the Bioforms stand about or step closer. One of them reaches out with a mitten-like hand and touches Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm but flinches back from her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few of them come closer to the ship but seem to flinch back at a range around the flytecraft. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your Aspect. Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Aspect. Your Aspects protect against toxicity. That Bioform is toxic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They look almost harmless.\u8221\'94 Ellie-May says, tilting her head to the side.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You watch as she steps out after Eve - out of the reach of your Aspect\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s protection. She reaches out to a Bioform.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Patrick whimpers. Green Bioform moss clings to her hand when she pulls away and you watch as it clings to her fingers - fusing them together into one mitten-hand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve shouts \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94 and grabs onto Ellie-Mays hand herself. Immediately a red haze envelopes the two of them and the moss shrinks and falls from Ellie-May\u8217\'92s hand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve laughs pulling Ellie-May into a hug. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess our Aspects are compatible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin speaks for the first time in a while. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So this is what they found. If Juniper even survived the trip, she would have been exposed to these- these-\u8221\'94 He hesitates. \u8220\'93-These people. These are the people who have been sending Fragos the rations. These Bioforms are the reason we have survived this long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He steps out, standing just inside the edge of your protections where the Bioforms have stopped outside of. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Bioform reaches out, through the barrier of your Aspect, and touches Rasputin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. As you watch it the green of its hand browns and wilts. Rasputin, quieter than before says, \u8220\'93Why.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Finish]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}