{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,1]It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long for you to leave the protective walls of the city. As you approach the edge more and more buildings sit dark, crumbling, and empty. The buildings loom, deep shadows stretching out from them where they aren\u8217\'92t during the day. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You never come out here at night, and shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be out here now. But you have no time to second guess yourself as you hurry towards The Factory. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are hyper aware when you pass the place of the confrontation with the Vagabonds and as you go you peer into every dark alley, trying to see signs of where they went and where  they came from. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t catch sight of Eve nor anyone else. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your steps slow as The Factory looms up ahead, unnaturally quiet in the night. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,3]You slump, exhausted. You should head back home. There is always the possibility that Eve will just come back if you wait long enough.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2]You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t give up now. You pick a random direction and head further into the Fringes, towards paths you\u8217\'92ve never taken.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,3]You shiver looking at The Factory. It is the only thing keeping your city from the Bioforms and to have it powered down like this leaves you with a feeling of dread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}