{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.1.3]It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a quiet walk home. Your feet drag along the cracked pavement and by the time your house comes back into view you are wavering on your feet. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You sleep roughly for far fewer hours than you need. The day starts like every other. Banging at your room's door and the sounds of shuffling feet. Drew hollers outside the door something indecipherable and then moves on. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the same wake-up call every morning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You pull yourself out of bed where you managed to pass out last night. Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bed still sits in the corner - stripped of its blankets. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You eat your vaguely nutritious gloop like you do every morning while listening to the rest of the house as the workers all get ready for the early shift. Somewhere on the far side of the house Agnes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s baby, Sally is crying, as she is wont to do. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It isn't long before Drew is making the rounds again, your ears prick up at the sound of his yelling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We got ten minutes, Brian, if ye want grub before yur shif\u8217\'92 ye gotta get up and eat it!\u8221\'94 a pause, \u8220\'93Ye\u8217\'92ll be bloody sorry when yur half staved slaving away at the tiller.\u8221\'94 It\u8217\'92s honestly a life-send that you have Drew in your house. He makes sure all the workers get up every day and checks in on you all as he does. He\u8217\'92s invaluable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Doors start opening throughout the house, other workers making their way out of the house and towards The Factory. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s your queue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The smog heavier in the air, more so than usual. The air is unnaturally still.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You walk with other workers but feel too tired to join in with their banter, your sisters' absence sits heavy on your shoulders.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It sucks. Why did she have to abandon you like that? You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been together since your parents died years ago. She was a constant presence in your life and sure she has always been a little flighty but fuck. Why did she have to up and become a fucking Vagabond sympathiser?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Liaba glances back at you, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s your sister? Is she skipping out again.\u8221\'94 She asks, falling back from the group to walk with you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You grumble something even you know isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t words and plod on, head down.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, [NAME]. Talk to me.\u8221\'94 She bumps into your side. \u8220\'93Did you two fight? I heard something last night waaay after your fucking bedtime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to talk about it.\u8221\'94 You don\u8217\'92t want to have to lie to her but your sister left you for the fucking Vagabonds last night and you are trying not to stay pissed about it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmmmmm. Alright. But you are moping way more than usual. If your sister\u8217\'92s gotten into some shit again talk to me. Her stressing you out stresses me out and I\u8217\'92m not about that life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.1.1]You give her a friendly punch on the shoulder. You feel better knowing she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s there for you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.1.2]Dread and guilt washes over you. You should tell her. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s as much Eve\u8217\'92s friend as yours. She needs to know what Eve has done.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.1.3][I1]You pull Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ring out of your pocket. \u8220\'93Eve is gone.\u8221\'94 Liaba looks at you quizzically. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}