{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,3,1,2]You get a grip on her arm, slowing the both of you down. She must see something concerning in your expression because she goes serious, waiting for you to talk. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You let out a breath and lower your voice so the people around you won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear. \u8220\'93Eve joined the Vagabonds.\u8221\'94 You say.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Liaba stops. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!\u8221\'94 she says louder than you would like. A few people look over.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shhhhh.\u8221\'94 You say, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what all the ruckus was about last night. I was trying to stop her. She wouldn\u8217\'92t listen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my god,\u8221\'94 Liaba says, marginally quieter than before.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The crowd has gotten thicker around you as more workers arrive from other Houses. Someone pushes in between the two of you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my god!\u8221\'94 Liaba says again. \u8220\'93Eve!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, Eve.\u8221\'94 You say, glancing over.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eve. She\u8217\'92s standing between the two of you, grinning in your direction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s my name.\u8221\'94 She says. She grabs you by the arm pulling you away from where Liaba is still gaping at her. \u8220\'93Can I talk to you for a second?\u8221\'94 She doesn\u8217\'92t wait for an answer. Just pulls you away from the crowd and into a side alley.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,3,1,1,1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Wait.\u8221\'94 You say pulling your arm out of her grip. She groans.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,3,1,1,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94What are you doing back?\u8221\'94 you ask, finishing your thought from before, now that she\u8217\'92s finished moving you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}