{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,1,2,1]No sound jumps out at you, no twitch of movement calls your attention. Nothing. Your knees almost buckle on your next step.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where is she?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You gasp and your eyes prick. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve slowed almost to a stop.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where the fuck is she?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop, you can\u8217\'92t. You have to find Eve. You can\u8217\'92t lose her. She is all you have left. If she leaves you too you\u8217\'92ll have nothing. You have to get to her. Eve is out here. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You cling to her ring, a gift from you to her. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worn it since you both were kids even as her other jewellery changed. Why would she give it back?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How could she do this to you?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only thing keeping you upright and moving at this point is your desperate anger - your bitter determination not to lose her too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You stumble over a crack in the sidewalk and almost fall. You gasp in a breath, blinking as your eyes blur over. The unfamiliar buildings tower over you. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are completely and utterly lost and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all her fault. How could she?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck her. And fuck you for letting her fuck you over like this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your eyes are blurring too much so see the street in front of you. You blindly stumble on. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no surprise when you trip.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You hit the ground hard, on hands and knees, and feel the palms of your hands tear. Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Ring goes flying out into the street.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You lost your sisters ring.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1]The soft ping of Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ring hitting the street somewhere out in the dark shocks the anger out of you. Your emotions clog in your throat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,2]Fuck this. And fuck Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ring. You haul yourself back to your feet, turn, and start walking in the direction you hope leads home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}