{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [2,1,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94The first person we sent was my then second in command, Juniper. That was more then a year ago. We lost contact with her a few hours into her flight. A week after Juniper disappeared we sent a rescue party of 6 Vagabonds to try and retrieve her but they were met with the same fate, whatever that may be.\u8221\'94 Rasputin frowns, looking up at the flytecraft sitting idle in front of you. \u8220\'93I would have sent more, but I don\u8217\'92t want to loose more of my people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve looks uncharacteristically somber, her eyes wide behind her large round glasses. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know. I mean I knew something had happened to your previous second but I didn\u8217\'92t know that she had been\u8230\'85 lost. Like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes well, as great as Boss is, she is no Juniper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2,1,2,1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94I\u8217\'92ll go after her.\u8221\'94 You say. Rasputin glances your way, surprised. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll find out where she went and bring her back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2,1,2,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Who\u8217\'92s Boss?\u8221\'94 you ask. Rasputin gestures again and starts walking. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s walk while we talk. I think you are ready to see where we base ourselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2,1,2,3]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Don\u8217\'92t think this excuses anything.\u8221\'94 You say, \u8220\'93You should still be working in the Factory, all of you should be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}