{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.2.1.2]You punch the closest one right in the balls. He lets out a squeak and topples over sideways away from you. You feel a wash of bitter satisfaction from bringing your attachers down a peg.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greg! No!\u8221\'94 The person at your head yells. He stops where he was tying the gag in place over your mouth and you take the opportunity to head-butt him as hard as you can with the back of your skull. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His face makes a disgusting crunching noise on contact but you have no time to think about that. The third attacker comes towards you with three quick strides from where they were standing guard at the door.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fucking hell Patrick.\u8221\'94 She says in a harsh whisper, \u8220\'93Keep it down. We don\u8217\'92t want this whole building down on us.\u8221\'94 They might not but you fucking do. You want to scream for help and bring the whole building down upon them. Fuck. The gag is still in place. You can only hope someone decides to come and see what Patrick\u8217\'92s screaming was about before these people do whatever the fuck they are trying to do to you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You scramble away from all of them, trying to get past and get to the door. If you can get out and get to someone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room-. Patrick, dripping blood from his nose, makes to grab you around the waist, arms and all. You slip one arm free and bonk him on the head a few times with your fist, trying to distract him from pinning down your other limbs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only thing between you and safety is a gag and four sets of hands. Your eyes dart to the door, trying to size up your escape route.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman sighs and lightly thumps her boot against strong-man Greg where he is still clutching himself and slumped over. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At least he\u8217\'92s quiet about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Patrick clings tighter to you, attempting to pin down your other arm and you struggle, kicking out desperately. You manage to hit Greg again and he grunts but Patrick just clings tighter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blimey fucking christ. Stay still!\u8221\'94 Patrick hisses at you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you not subdue one half-starved worker, Patrick?\u8221\'94 the boss says.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93[XE]\u8217\'92s a wiley one, boss.\u8221\'94 Patrick replies. You manage to elbow him in the stomach with the last of your draining strength. Somehow he still hasn\u8217\'92t managed to pin your free arm down even as your struggling grows weaker with your growing exhaustion. \u8220\'93A little help would be appreciated?\u8221\'94 He wheezes. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You barley see her move before she grabs your flailing wrist in her strong grip. You tug but she doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t budge, she just pulls your other arm out of Patrick\u8217\'92s hold and pulls you to your feet, crushing your back against her front. \u8220\'93Get the rucksack on [XER].\u8221\'94 She says to Patrick who has found himself suddenly bereft of a job.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You struggle against her grip but she just holds you tighter, digging her fingers into the skin of your arms. No. You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let her win. You heave in a breath through your nose and redouble your attempt to get free. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right you are, boss. I\u8217\'92ll just get it from Greg.\u8221\'94 The boss grunts on affirmation from behind you, easily keeping up with your struggles to escape. Even when you stomp your full weight onto her foot she doesn\u8217\'92t budge. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are surprised when Greg manages to uncurl from his protective ball and pull a dirty black bag out from his pocket. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here.\u8221\'94 He hands it to Patrick who stumbles back over to where you are still struggling against the boss lady and promptly pulls it over your head. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It immediately cuts out the weak light that had been filtering into the room. The sack pulled tight around your neck and you choke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got \u8216\'91[Xm].\u8221\'94 Patrick\u8217\'92s voice says muffled through the cloth. \u8220\'93Fucking balls [Xe] was a tough one. Looking at [Xer] I wouldn\u8217\'92t think [Xe] had it in \u8216\'91[Xm].\u8221\'94 You wheeze out a harsh breath, exhausted even as you continue to struggle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your hands are pulled tight behind your back and secured tightly with a piece of rope before you can even try to slip free. Then suddenly you are falling forward and hit the mattress with an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91oof\u8217\'92. More rope is tied around your ankles. Fuck.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Someone hauls you onto their shoulders - Greg from the size of him - and starts walking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You \u8216\'91ight Greg. [Xe] gave you a real walloping back there.\u8221\'94 Says Patrick.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll live.\u8221\'94 Greg grunts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.2.1.1.1]Be carried.}}