{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.2.1.1.1]The group of you walk for a long while. No one stops you. For a while you squirm and kick against Greg but it drains you faster than you would like. For the longest part of the walk you hang limp where you are slumped over Greg\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, trying not to wince at he digs bruises into your leg and breathing pitifully through each painful thump of his footsteps. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Patrick starts chattering again once you assume the four of you have made it out past the main cluster of occupied houses. They must be taking you into the Fringes. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the only other place to go around here that isn\u8217\'92t The Factory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Either that or they plan to dump you out in the shrub-lands where the Bioforms start to grow around the city\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know why they would do that though. That would be fucked up. And they would get exposed too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not that you have anything to fear from the shrub-lands yourself. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re immune. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How are you holding up Greg? Do you need to take a break? I would offer to carry [Xer] myself but [Xe] probably weighs more than me.\u8221\'94 Patrick barks out a laugh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m fine.\u8221\'94 Greg replies. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You yourself are not fine. Greg\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach is digging into your stomach and it hurts like a bitch. You can feel the bruise worsening with every heavy step he takes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ye\u8217\'92know that\u8217\'92s what I like about \u8217\'92chu, Greg. You have stamina. Can really take a few punches and come right back at \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8217\'92Preciate the kind words, Patrick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well you can\u8217\'92t blame me for pointing out the truth. I wish my aspect was as strong as that. Mine just keep me awake! Which, you know, I don\u8217\'92t really mind as such. It\u8217\'92s real handy for the long shifts when we need important jobs like this done. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s probably for the best I don\u8217\'92t have your aspect. Honestly, I don\u8217\'92t think I could handle so much strength. I\u8217\'92m way too clumsy. You wield it with such class, Greg.\u8221\'94 Greg hefts you up higher on his shoulder and you wheeze out a painful breath.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Either of those aspects sounds great to you - strength or whatever weird insomnia aspect Patrick has. All you have is fucking \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91immune to toxins\u8217\'92. Which, sure, protects you from the Bioform poison but The Factory protects you anyway! Within the walls of the city no one is even exposed to the poisonous gas that covers the rest of the globe so your whole immunity thing helps with shit-all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are we keeping [Xer] anyway?\u8221\'94 Patrick asks. You perk up. They\u8217\'92re keeping you? Why the fuck do they want you? Maybe your sister requested you or something and thought this was the only way to recruit you. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To be fair to her you didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make it sound like you wanted to join her gang of rebels. On the other hand side fuck her. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The cells. We can\u8217\'92t exactly host [Xer] with the rest of us. We might get stabbed in the night. We didn\u8217\'92t exactly bring [Xer] in on the best of terms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.2.1.1.1.1]Be dumped on the ground.}}