{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.2.1.1.1.1]You are dumped on the ground surprisingly gently by Greg. The sack is pulled off your head and you squint against the sudden light. You are in a dark windowless room with a heavy metal door guarding the only way in or out. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s currently open but Greg positions his bulk in the doorway in its stead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright pipsqueak lets get these ropes off \u8216\'91a you.\u8221\'94 Patrick says. He starts untying you, starting with the foul tasting gag in your mouth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as the gag is out you speak. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eh?\u8221\'94 Patrick asks, working on untying your feet next. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look at me. I don\u8217\'92t fuckin\u8217\'92 know. What about you Greg? Do you know?\u8221\'94 He asks behind him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greg shrugs and glances behind you. You look up to see the women they call \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Boss\u8217\'92 standing behind you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about that right now. Rasputin will be down to check on you soon enough. If you\u8217\'92re lucky, he will tell you then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How can you tell me not to worry. You fucking kidnapped me. I\u8217\'92m here for some shady fucking reason-. Do you honestly think that after all this I\u8217\'92m going to help you guys with-. With whatever the fuck it is you want from me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen I don\u8217\'92t ask questions.\u8221\'94 Patrick says tugging you towards him by your hands. You were talking at the Boss but she looks like she\u8217\'92s happy for Patrick to take this one. \u8220\'93They just point me in a direction and I go. You might not trust us right now but you\u8217\'92re gonna understand one of these days that we are on the right side of this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right you know.\u8221\'94 Greg says. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re gonna save everyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you almost done there Patrick.\u8221\'94 The Boss says. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s late and I still need to report to Rasputin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only your hands are still tied. Patrick keeps unwinding the rope around your hands. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Almost, boss. I\u8217\'92m on watch tonight right? You two get some rest. I\u8217\'92ll make sure this one stays put till tomorrow.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Boss grunts and steps over you just as the last piece of rope falls from your hands. You think about attacking them as Patrick stands up with a creak and a groan he ducks under Greg\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm to get out the door. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your limbs are stiff and sore from being carried and even getting up off the floor is going to be an effort. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door clicks shut behind Greg and through the window Patrick calls out. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be on the other side of this door and I don\u8217\'92t fucking sleep so don\u8217\'92t think about trying nothin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Great.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You glance around and notice a cot behind you. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got blankets on it even though you probably won\u8217\'92t need them. It\u8217\'92s a long way away from the cold season.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You manage to haul yourself to your feet and flop down into it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You have no idea what will happen in the morning, ahead of you stretches a field of unfathomable unknown bullshit. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before you can spiral too far into thoughts of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91why you\u8217\'92 you fall asleep. It has been a long day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.2.1.1.1.1.1]be woken up.}}