{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [3,2]Almost immediately you feel the world go soft around you. The knife falls from your fingers and you feel your consciousness stretch apart and scatter. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You stumble, your limbs disconnected.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are awake but your thoughts are so far apart from each other that the world just exists around you with no effort on your part.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When your mind pulls itself back together you are being held up by multiple hands, your dropped knife gone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 you say.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now then.\u8221\'94 Rasputin says to you. \u8220\'93What were you planning on doing with this.\u8221\'94 He holds up the knife.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You gape at it, shocked at how fast the situation dissolved out of your control. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 you hesitate. What were you planning? Against this group of Vagabonds all with unknown Aspects you stood with your shitty toxicity immunity and a three inch blade. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94 You finally say, lamely.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92m glad we stopped you then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve interjects, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the shit, [Name]!? What is with you today? I know what I\u8217\'92m doing. You don\u8217\'92t have to follow me and keep me in line like you\u8217\'92re always trying to do. This doesn\u8217\'92t concern you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It does though.\u8221\'94 You say, conscious of your bubbling emotions. Eve always knows how to rile you up. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What exactly is it that you think we\u8217\'92re doing?\u8221\'94 Rasputin asks. He motions and the hands holding you back drop away. You realize the Vagabonds are surrounding you now, with you, Eve, and Rasputin in the center.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are the only one who looks concerned with this arrangement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you obviously don\u8217\'92t want to work so you\u8217\'92re abandoning the Factory and leaving the rest of us to shoulder the-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrong!\u8221\'94 Eve interjects.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You fume, but don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take a step forward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin explains Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rude comment further, \u8220\'93Despite her method of communication, Eve is correct. It is not that we don\u8217\'92t want to keep the city safe from the Bioforms, it is that we believe that there is a better way, an easier way, a way that would keep everyone safe while also freeing them from the toll the Factory takes on them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94 You say.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin motions for you to follow, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it best if I show you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C2,1]Intrigued, you follow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C3,1,2,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94I\u8217\'92m not going to go with you? Are you insane?\u8221\'94 You take a step back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}