{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.1.1.2.1.1.1.1.1.2.1]Once you have decided to go with them you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t try and fight them. They take through a fairly direct path to their base, almost taking no turns to get there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah we just had to get out to the edge of the city,\u8221\'94 Eve explains, \u8220\'93The edge of the city is in every direction. Why the fuck would I take a complicated path to get there. It\u8217\'92s lucky we found you actually. What are the chances?\u8221\'94 She grins.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, yeah. Lucky.\u8221\'94 You say rolling your eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long for you to approach the Vagabond\u8217\'92s hideout. You know you\u8217\'92re close when you see someone rush past your group without glancing back. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A scruffy beard sporting older guy you think you recognise but can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite place is leaning up against a wall. With a deep voice he says, \u8220\'93Evening, Eve.\u8221\'94 As the three of you walk past. \u8220\'93Ellie-May.\u8221\'94 He nods at her behind you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That joke\u8217\'92s getting old, Tom.\u8221\'94 Eve replies as Eve pulls you into the doorway of the nondescript building Tom\u8217\'92s leaning against. You\u8217\'92re pulled down a short entryway and through another door at the end.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re somewhat shocked to find the next room crawling with vagabonds. Your eyes dart around, trying to take in all the people milling about. People in nightcaps and stripy pyjamas sit around with hot drinks in their hands while others in the usual black Vagabond clothes move around and through more doorways.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let you linger though, pulling you through the throng of people and towards another door.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some lanky dude steps in front of your group before Eve can get where she is hauling you though.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How the shite did you fucking find \u8216\'91[Xm]. We were the one out looking for \u8216\'91[Xm]!\u8221\'94 the random dude says, aghast for some reason. They were looking for you?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait you were looking for my [Xther]? And I wasn\u8217\'92t told? Why the hell not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi. Don\u8217\'92t yell at me. I was just doing a job. You know how it is in this business. The ones on top give you orders and you follow through. Where did you find \u8216\'91[Xm] anyway?\u8221\'94 He says peering at you curiously.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1]You cut your sister off before she can reply again like you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not in the fucking room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94I don\u8217\'92t even know how the fuck I found him.\u8221\'94 Eve replies.}}