{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,1,2,1,2]You are in a haze as you stumble back through the streets. You aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t paying attention at all to where you\u8217\'92re going. And for a while you manage to keep moving forward even if you aren\u8217\'92t quite sure it\u8217\'92s in the direction of home.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your head hurts and you lean against a building for a moment to catch your breath. You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know where you are but you know it\u8217\'92s far from home. You walked for so long just to get here, not thinking of how hard it would be to get back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You pull yourself up and back to walking. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s slow going but you can\u8217\'92t bring yourself to walk faster. Your legs tremble as it is. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The light has changed since you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been out here, brightening. Is it near daybreak already?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck. You sink down into a crouch, just for a second, you tell yourself. But you ache to just rest here. You can feel your whole body trembling with the fatigue of this adventure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The solid concrete at your back feels like bliss compared to standing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll get up in a second, you tell yourself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stay here. You have to get home, you tell yourself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1]Sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}