{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.2.3]Eventually, you reach the edge of the city.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first sign is the moss, the buildings around you appear with patches of glowing green. It takes you a second to notice. Their glow isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much brighter then the natural reflection off the clouds but when you do notice you stumble to a stop.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been to the edge since you were a kid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a beat, you walk forward again. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This far out, you won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find your sister. The Vagabonds wouldn\u8217\'92t dare come this close to the edge of the city least they succumb of the sickness of the Bioforms. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But you and your sister are immune to toxins. That immunity is your aspect. You yourself emit a sort of toxin neutralizing force field. Anyone within it is protected as well. While your sister herself is immune to toxins. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It means you will never get sick from the Bioforms. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It does shit all to help you in everyday life though. The reason you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been assigned to the furnaces is that you keep yourself and everyone around you safe from any toxins generated from the burning material. But even if you don\u8217\'92t get sick, you are still exhausted every day. The work takes its toll on you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If only you had a useful aspect, like your friend Liaba\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bursts of energy after eating, or Reginald\u8217\'92s tough, heat-proof skin. That\u8217\'92s the sort of aspect that helps with everyday life in The Factory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plants have started sprouting around the buildings, and the sky is clearing. You must be getting to the edge of where The Factory\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smog reaches. Up above you can see the first signs of stars against the growing glow of the Bioforms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.2.3.1]Enter the forest of Bioforms. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.2.3.2]Make your way back to the center of the city where the Factory sits. You should be able to find your way home from there.}}