{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.1.1.2.1.1.1.1]You take a deep breath in, calming your raging emotions. The rock drops from your hand, you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know why you\u8217\'92re still holding it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s in the brief span of silence that you hear the footsteps coming up from behind you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93[Name]?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You turn, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eve?\u8221\'94 you ask.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing out here?\u8221\'94 Eve asks. You glance from her to the girl beside her. You can\u8217\'92t tell if she looks younger then you or not. She stares back, not saying anything.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I - I lost your ring.\u8221\'94 You say.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My ring? What are you even talking about? I don\u8217\'92t care about that stupid ring. What! Are you doing!? Out Here!? Give me the why!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite her forceful voice she looks more concerned for you then angry that you lost her ring. You breathe out, stealing yourself, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was looking for you. I can\u8217\'92t let you do this. The Vagabonds are - are\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 You glance at the girl beside her again. She awkwardly looks away.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck off. I\u8217\'92m fine. Just, Just go home [Name]. I don\u8217\'92t have time for this.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t. I can\u8217\'92t just let you leave like that. Also, I don\u8217\'92t know where I am.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve groans. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you like this. Shit. OK. You\u8217\'92re coming with us then.\u8221\'94 She pulls you out of the dirt by the arm and dusts you off. \u8220\'93What were you ding on the ground anyway? Wait. You know what. I don\u8217\'92t care. Just shut up and come with us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stomps off in a direction you are sure is the opposite of where you want to go.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.2.1.1.1.1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94No. I can\u8217\'92t. I have to go home.\u8221\'94 You say, \u8220\'93Can you just point me in the right direction?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.2.1.1.1.2]Follow her.}}