{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,2]You sob, still clutching the rock in your hand. You thump the other on the ground in frustrated anger.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93[Name]?\u8221\'94 you hear Eve say. You still in your sobbing and turn. \u8220\'93God. What\u8217\'92s wrong with you? What are you even doing out here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eve.\u8221\'94 You say. There is another girl standing behind her eyes wide with shock. You wipe the tears from your face, ashamed at the state of yourself. \u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 I was looking for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you found me.\u8221\'94 She says. \u8220\'93Come on. Get up off the ground. You\u8217\'92re a disaster.\u8221\'94 She walks over and lifts you up by the arm, brushing you down when you\u8217\'92re standing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You take in a deep breath, calming yourself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. OK. I think I\u8217\'92m OK now. I don\u8217\'92t know what came over me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good.\u8221\'94 She says, looking steadier now that you\u8217\'92re not crying. \u8220\'93How did you even find me? I could have been anywhere in Fragos.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah. Actually I have no idea. I\u8217\'92m quite lost.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She groans and the girl behind her giggles. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great. So I can\u8217\'92t just tell you to go home and expect you to get then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What! I\u8217\'92m not leaving you now. I came out here to find you!\u8221\'94 She groans louder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great. A tag along. OK so me and Ellie-May here have a job to do and you\u8217\'92re not going to ruin that for us.\u8221\'94 She grabs you by the arm and pulls you after her. \u8220\'93Come with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94No. I can\u8217\'92t. I have to go home.\u8221\'94 You say, \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going home. You\u8217\'92re coming with me\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,2]Follow her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}