{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.1.1.2.3.1]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Bioforms multiply startlingly quickly, you have only walked the length of a street and the Bioforms have already transformed from glowing green moss clinging to cracks, to vines winding up the sides of buildings, to bright trunks with buds like light bulbs, the streets turning from an urban sprawl to a deep forest within a few short strides.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The flat streets start to buckle in places as the concrete is warped where the Bioforms have burrowed underneath it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been a long time since you\u8217\'92ve been this far out into the wilderness, even though you are still technically within the old walls of the of city Fragos.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can see ahead of you the pale glowing dust-like particles of the pollen falling from the Bioforms. The tiny lights hit your Aspect and go out, their poisons neutralised. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You have never seen the Bioforms growing this close before. Years ago, when you came to the edge of Fragos in the past, the glowing Bioform moss would stretch for streets before you saw even the first hint of vines starting to cling back to life. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You run your hand over a tree trunk and watch as the glow fades from its bark. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are soon surrounded by trees. The concrete has fallen under the onslaught of mulch and dirt. The ground is soft and uneven with holes and mounds. Hidden Bioform roots try and trip you up - it is nothing like the city.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You look up and through the foliage see streaks of starlight shining through - the night sky is brighter than you have ever seen it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ever pervasive smog wisps away and clumps together in the sky and you can see all the way up into the shape of the clouds and beyond.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like a distant dream - memories spark from your childhood. You had forgotten the sky. But with a snap you remember being here before with your sister Eve and your friends. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Above you is more points of light than you can count. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To think that your ancestors came from on of those stars - that they might be there still. It has been a long long time since humans came to Dirth. Most of the knowledge of those ancient people have been lost.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.2.3.1.1]Be eaten by a Bioform.}}