{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94This is a top-secret Vagabond mission. It\u8217\'92s to do with my Aspect. Apparently, they\u8217\'92ve been looking for someone who can survive out where the Bioforms are for years now.\u8221\'94 Eve is striding ahead almost faster than you can keep up. Neither you nor the other girl interjects. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve continues, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who would have thunk it, eh? We always thought our Aspects were so useless but it\u8217\'92s what they\u8217\'92ve been looking for the entire goddamn time!\u8221\'94 Eve grins at you while the girl with her continues to stare at you, impassive. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what,\u8221\'94 You say, \u8220\'93They want to live out in the wilderness? Is that it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I haven\u8217\'92t asked. Being a Vagabond got me away from that shitty fucking Factory so if they want me to go out and test my Aspect with Ellie-May-\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi,\u8221\'94 Ellie-May says, speaking for the first time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93-then I fucking will.\u8221\'94 Eve finishes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eve won\u8217\'92t stop talking about you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!\u8221\'94 Eve says, \u8220\'93No, I don\u8217\'92t. Fuck you.\u8221\'94 She shoves Ellie-May who just giggles and keeps walking just out of Eve\u8217\'92s reach. Cute.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anyway,\u8221\'94 Eve says turning back to you, \u8220\'93Ellie-May here can mimic other people\u8217\'92s Aspects-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Some people\u8217\'92s Aspects,\u8221\'94 Ellie-May interjects.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93-some other people\u8217\'92s Aspects.\u8221\'94 Eve continues, \u8220\'93So we\u8217\'92re going to see if she can become immune to toxins too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to expose her to the toxins and see if she doesn\u8217\'92t she die? Is that it?\u8221\'94 You ask.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, stupid, She has a monitor on.\u8221\'94 At this Ellie-May pulls out a small handheld device that you can see is wired into her arm. It\u8217\'92s what the doctor uses to check Bioform pollen levels in blood to determine if a patient is doomed or just caught a cold. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh.\u8221\'94 You say. \u8220\'93Smart.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on. We\u8217\'92re near the edge.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only a few minutes before you start seeing green. The glow reflecting off the smog clouds has grown steadily stronger as you get closer to the Bioforms. Soon specks of light start showing up, clinging to buildings and in cracks in the road. For anyone else, this would be terrifying, your worst nightmare, but both you and Eve have been immune to toxins your whole lives and so have had no need to fear for your own lives out here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You briefly wonder if your own Aspect will interfere with the data Eve and Ellie-May are trying to gather. Your immunity is like a barrier that spreads out from your body, neutralising any toxins that enter into it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think Eve has realised her mistake.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is stupid.\u8221\'94 You say. Eve glares at you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And why pray tell, is this stupid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My Aspect dummy. Even if you didn\u8217\'92t have the Aspects you have, you would all be immune anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve purses her lips, looking at you, then squints. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How big is your radius again?\u8221\'94 She asks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dunno. Big.\u8221\'94 You say. You would estimate it to be enough to cover the whole of The House where you live seeing as no one gets sick as long as you\u8217\'92re home. It\u8217\'92s at least big enough to cover the furnace floor at The Factory. No one has gotten black lung since you started working there and that used to be rampant.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re useless. Go stand over there. We have testing to do.\u8221\'94 She says.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92ll be far enough. When I said big I meant fucking huge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Urgh.\u8221\'94 She groans. \u8220\'93Fucking hell. Why did you have to be out here? Ok. New plan. Me and Ellie-May are going to test if her Aspect can absorb mine from here - there should be enough pollen here where we\u8217\'92re standing to get a reading - and you are going to keep walking in that direction-\u8221\'94 She points towards the edge where green glowing Bioforms start growing in thicker and thicker. \u8220\'93- until you\u8217\'92re out of range. Got it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,2,1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Got it.\u8221\'94 You say, and start walking in the direction she pointed. It\u8217\'92s not like the Bioforms can hurt you anyway.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Hey. How about fuck that idea. I\u8217\'92m going home.\u8221\'94 You say, backing away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}