{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2]Before either of them can stop you, you break into a sprint, hoping the girl with Eve doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have an Aspect that can catch you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve yells after you and you can hear the heavy footfalls of her chasing you down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get back here, [name], you piece of shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It takes you a few more pounding gasping steps before you realise your mistake. You ran out of energy a long time ago. You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t run.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve made it to the end of the street your breaths are wheezing out of you and you can hear the heavy footfalls of your sister steadily gaining on you. \u8220\'93Fuck off!\u8221\'94 you yell back at her, hoping she\u8217\'92ll just let you go without a struggle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead you are tackled from behind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The breath is knocked out as you and face first on the pavement. Eve shifts so she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sitting on top of you, pinning your hands to the ground. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She has always been stronger then you. You wheeze into the ground.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck.\u8221\'94 She doesn\u8217\'92t even seem out of breath. \u8220\'93That was stupid.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You just groan into the ground, still trying to get your breath back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What, did I break something, [Name]? You alright?\u8221\'94 She leans further over you, pressing your chest further into the ground.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t breathe.\u8221\'94 You manage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hums as if considering, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nice try punk. If I let you up, are you going to run again? You know I can\u8217\'92t let you do that. You\u8217\'92re too deep in this shit now. I\u8217\'92m gonna have to take you with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you kidnapping me?\u8221\'94 you ask.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess, now get up and stay close. I still have things to do. Ellie-May!\u8221\'94 She shouts. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah?\u8221\'94 Ellie-May says from much closer then Eve must have assumed she was.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. You\u8217\'92re right there. Could you keep an eye on [Name]. Don\u8217\'92t let [Xer] run away. You know the Boss wont like that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure! I can do that. [Xe] doesn\u8217\'92t look like much anyway. Like, [Xe] couldn\u8217\'92t outrun you. Even I\u8217\'92m faster then you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up. I\u8217\'92m fast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nuh uh. You\u8217\'92ve been with the vagabonds for what, a week? It takes a while to build your stamina back up after working in the Factory for so long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait you\u8217\'92ve been with the Vagabonds for a whole week?\u8221\'94 you ask Eve. How did you not notice? Most days Eve walks with you and Liaba to The Factory for work though it\u8217\'92s just as likely that she\u8217\'92ll leave before you. Now that you think about it, you hadn\u8217\'92t seen Eve for most of the week, walked with her less then usual, and on more than one occasion you had slept without noticing her steady breathing in the same room as yours.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew you were a zombie, [Name], but not to this extent. I\u8217\'92ve been gone this whole week!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh.\u8221\'94 You guess you had been more tired then usual. More people had disappeared from The Factory this week and you had had to increase your work hours to keep up with demand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve gets up off of you and you flip over. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Either way you\u8217\'92re coming with me.\u8221\'94 She looks over as Ellie-May, \u8220\'93We may have to call off the whole testing our Aspects thing. Getting [Name] back to the bunker before [Xe] gets away sounds like a better idea, yeah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94 Ellie-May says, drawing out the word into a disappointed sigh. \u8220\'93Next time though we\u8217\'92ll do it for sure!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, wait a second. I\u8217\'92m not going with you.\u8221\'94 You say. Eve looks at you, unimpressed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, yeah you are.\u8221\'94 She says, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s two verses one - less then one by my estimates. Don\u8217\'92t fight me on this. There\u8217\'92s no point fighting.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1]You sigh and get up off the ground. There is no point fighting her on this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Yeah there fucking is. I\u8217\'92m not going with you,\u8221\'94 you say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}