{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.1.1.2.1.1.1.1.2.1]You walk towards the glowing green lights, looking back once to see Eve with her forehead pressed to Ellie-May\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s and a steady red haze enveloping both of them. Huh. They step apart and the red haze recedes, settling back into Ellie-May\u8217\'92s shoulders. Maybe that means it worked?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever. They aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to be able to test it with you still this close. You keep walking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Bioforms multiply startlingly quickly, you have only walked the length of a street and the Bioforms have already transformed from glowing green moss clinging to cracks, to vines winding up the sides of buildings, to bright trunks with buds like light bulbs, the streets turning from an urban sprawl to a deep forest within a few short strides.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The flat streets start to buckle in places as the concrete is warped where the Bioforms have burrowed underneath it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been a long time since you\u8217\'92ve been this far out into the wilderness, even though you are still technically within the old walls of the of city Fragos.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can see ahead of you the pale glowing dust-like particles of the pollen falling from the Bioforms. The tiny lights hit your Aspect and go out, their poisons neutralised. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You have never seen the Bioforms growing this close before. Years ago, when you came to the edge of Fragos in the past, the glowing Bioform moss would stretch for streets before you saw even the first hint of vines starting to cling back to life. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You run your hand over a tree trunk and watch as the glow fades from its bark. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Further into the forest, you hear the sounds of a twig snapping.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is there a person out there? What are they doing!? They could get killed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.2.1.1.1.1.2.1.1]You rush over to where you heard the sound. Your Aspect could save them if you can get to them in time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.2.1.1.1.1.2.1.2]You call out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eve?\u8221\'94}}