{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1]You wake up to the sound of a heavy door creaking open. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dark when you open your eyes. For a second you have no idea where you are or what time it is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Up and at \u8216\'91em sunshine. They bought down breakfast before you have to face Rasputin, whatever it is he wants but, hey! It shouldn\u8217\'92t be too bad. I remember when I was a new recruit and he greeted me then too!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You sit up and blink at Patrick who lets himself into your cell with a plate of something steaming. He pulls a panel down from the wall, turning it into a table shelf thing held up by chains and places on it a plate of what looks like surprisingly good quality re-hydrated food. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You usually get your nutrients out of a can, leaving the better options for the people who need it more. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not like you don\u8217\'92t get enough to eat but this looks much more appetising than what you usually wolf down fast enough you don\u8217\'92t have to think about what it is you\u8217\'92re eating.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks.\u8221\'94 You say.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All in a days work,\u8221\'94 Patrick says, saluting you and heading back out the door. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t take too long. I\u8217\'92m not sure when Rasputin wants to see you but you might want to be ready to go for a wander when he does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He closes the door behind him and leaves you to the food. You blink down at your plate, still half asleep. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1]You have hardly finished eating when six people enter your cell, Rasputin at the forefront.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}