{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1.1.1.1.2.1.2.1.1]You head in a direction you think will lead you home. By this time you have well worked off the nutritious food staple you ate before bed and your empty stomach churns in your throat. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no use. None of the buildings will have food in them - it\u8217\'92s been a long time since Fragos had people outside of the town centre. Even the Vagabonds slink around near the town rather than out here where you\u8217\'92ve found yourself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve walked an hour your stomach has turned into a pit in your gut, you reach the edge of Fragos at one point where the Bioforms grow. Small patches of glowing moss cling to buildings. Above, streaks of sun can be seen through the smog as it thins this close to the edge of the city.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pollen floats through the air, hitting the barrier that is your Aspect and dissipating into nothing. Your Aspect protects you from toxins and the Bioform pollen is no exception. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But being here is good actually. Now that you have reached the edge, all you need to do is put your back towards the Bioforms and head towards the centre where The Factory lies. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With your back to the Bioforms, you walk forward. If you can find The Factory then you can find home.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But before you find home, you find the Vagabonds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your brief sleep just made you more exhausted and stiff and so you are slow to react when you hear footsteps coming closer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Someone steps into your view and you finally glace up. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that man again - the one leading the group Eve was with. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s still leading a group Eve is with only this group is smaller than the group you first ran into so many long hours ago - only six strong.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man looks pleased to see you. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After all that work we put into collecting you and you stumble across our path with only minutes to spare.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look impressed. \u8220\'93What the fuck are you doing out here? You were supposed to be at work. This is like the opposite direction of work!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah. I went out looking for you.\u8221\'94 You say.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, come on.\u8221\'94 She says, gesturing for you to come towards her. \u8220\'93You found me. We have shit to do and you\u8217\'92re coming with us.\u8221\'94 You eye the group of Vagabonds warily. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94N-No.\u8221\'94 You say. Taking a step back. You\u8217\'92re not going to go with them. Who does Eve think she is?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,2]You walk over to the group, drawing in close to Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94What.\u8221\'94 You say, \u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t be serious. I can\u8217\'92t join you guys. You\u8217\'92re the bad guys!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}