{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,1]Eve shakes you awake. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get up, dipshit. We\u8217\'92re going out\u8221\'94 You blink up at her from your mattress. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wait. This isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t your room. Above your had you see the second story of a bunk bed you must be lying on. The room is dark but you can make out other people sleeping in more bunk beds around you. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh. You guess you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re a Vagabond now? You didn\u8217\'92t think this through.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ellie-May\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head pops down from the bunk bed above you, upside down will all her hair hanging loose. \u8220\'93Ooo. I wonder what Rasputin will get us to do today? We never did get to see if our Aspects were compatible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Well if he does get as to go try that again we won\u8217\'92t be able to take this one with us\u8221\'94 she jerks her thumb at you. You yawn and sit up in bed. \u8220\'93[Xis] Aspect would counter mine\u8221\'94 You\u8217\'92re still tired but more refreshed that you were last night. You think you want to know what Rasputin has in store for you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did he mention something about leaving? You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not sure if you were awake enough to remember where if he did. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The three of you head out into the same crowded room you first saw when you came in last night. There are more people sitting around eating breakfast and coming in and out through multiple doors. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve leads you through one of the doors and you find a queue of people getting breakfast. There are a few tables dotted around but most people are getting food than eating. It seems the main eating room is the main hall behind you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a fast queue and when you get to the front you are handed a plate piled with a hot meal. You can\u8217\'92t remember the last time your meal didn\u8217\'92t come out of a can. It smells delicious. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve pulls you over one of the tables and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only when you get there that you notice Rasputin is sitting there eating his own breakfast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t get your report last night, Ellie-May.\u8221\'94 He says, \u8220\'93How did the experiments go? Are you and Eve compatible?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ellie-May and Eve sit down as if this isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the obvious leader of their group and they are not the obvious underlings. \u8220\'93We didn\u8217\'92t actually get around to it.\u8221\'94 Ellie-May says. Eve tucks into her food and you follow suit, \u8221\'94[Name] turned up before we got the chance to try anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well that\u8217\'92s a shame. No worried though. I have other plans for you today. Now that we have [Name] here we\u8217\'92re sending out another scouting mission on the flytecraft.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh.\u8221\'94 Ellie-may says. \u8220\'93Today?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93According to our watch, at it\u8217\'92s current progress it\u8217\'92s due to leave in two hours. The bots have dropped off their cargo and are well on their way back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ellie-May looks down at her plate. Eve has paused in her eating and is watching the two of them but has not interrupted. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who else is going?\u8221\'94 Ellie-May finally asks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boss,-\u8221\'94 He counts the names off on his fingers, \u8221\'94-Greg, Patrick, Eve-\u8221\'94 he nods in her direction. She nods back. \u8220\'93-[name]-\u8221\'94 you look up and make brief eye contact, \u8220\'93-and me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, really?\u8221\'94 Ellie-May says. \u8220\'93But last time-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin interrupts, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Last time we didn\u8217\'92t have [Name] on our team. What happened last time won\u8217\'92t happen again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me?\u8221\'94 you say. \u8220\'93What can I do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Where are we going?\u8221\'94 you ask, \u8220\'93What happened last time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}