{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94This is a nice surprise. I assume introductions are in order?\u8221\'94 The leader of the Vagabonds, Rasputin, says. \u8220\'93This is Boss-\u8221\'94 He points to a tall woman beside him who nods in your direction, face stern, \u8220\'93-Greg, Patrick-\u8221\'94 He points to a large, gruff-looking man and the shorter lanky looking dude beside him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The latter grins at you. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you do,\u8221\'94 He says, shaking your hand vigorously. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin continues \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93-Eve, though of course, you would already know her, and Ellie-May.\u8221\'94 He says finally, pointing to a girl standing beside Eve. \u8220\'93My name is Rasputin, and you would be [Name], would you not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, yeah.\u8221\'94 You say. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s right. How did you know that?\u8221\'94 The group has started walking again and you follow close beside Eve.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eve told me all about you of course. You have the most intriguing Aspect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You scoff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She told you that. I can tell you it\u8217\'92s not that interesting. It\u8217\'92s only toxin immunity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hums, looking away. You have the suspension he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not agreeing with you, \u8220\'93I assume she didn\u8217\'92t tell you of my Aspect?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve cuts in, scoffing, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course not. Do you think I\u8217\'92m an idiot? [Xe] wasn\u8217\'92t a Vagabond. I wasn\u8217\'92t going to trust [Xer] with Vagabond secrets.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. She didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94 You say, ignoring Eve.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can sense significance. And you, my friend, are surrounded by it. Your Aspect glows with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you can see the border than?\u8221\'94 you ask. You have always wondered how big it\u8217\'92s gotten. The forcefield of toxin immunity that radiates from you have grown over the years but it is always hard to tell by how much without exposing people to toxins in your experimentations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see the border, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Weird.\u8221\'94 You say. You squint off into the distance, trying to see the edge of your Aspect yourself. Ellie-May, the younger vagabond, walks over and touches Rasputin\u8217\'92s hand. For a second they both glow with a faint haze of red and then it fades. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. That is pretty. Your Aspect looks so nice, [name].\u8221\'94 She says.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait. What just happened.\u8221\'94 You ask.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ellis-May giggles. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can copy Aspects! I wanted to see what Rasputin was describing. It\u8217\'92s sort of like a shiny blue haze covering all of us-\u8221\'94 she stretches her arms out, \u8220\'93-stretching like a hundred meters in all directions, even up into the sky.\u8221\'94 She grins at you \u8220\'93Your Aspect must be pretty significant to put on this sort of light show.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow,\u8221\'94 Eve says, sarcasm heavy in her voice. \u8220\'93[Name] sure is special.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You scowl at her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up Eve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, look,\u8221\'94 Ellie-May says, pointing. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s glowing blue too. What is that it\u8217\'92s so bright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the flytecraft,\u8221\'94 Rasputin says. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait. You guys have a flytecraft?\u8221\'94 you ask, \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re getting on a flytecraft?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94 Rasputin says, \u8220\'93Now might be a good time to debrief you actually. Those-\u8221\'94 he points to a line of delivery drones, their trollies empty of packages, \u8220\'93are delivery drones, they come here every month or so in that flytecraft and deliver food and resources to the city. Our job here today is to follow them and find out where they are getting these good from. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the best scenario, at the end of that flytecraft\u8217\'92s flight path will be another civilisation. Someone has to be providing us with food. For some reason, they have just never come here themselves. They have always just sent the flytecraft, empty apart from the robots.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The aforementioned robots board the craft, stowing their trolleys away in the ship. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on. We have to board before they leave.\u8221\'94 Rasputin says. You all follow him onto the ship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1,1]You all follow Rasputin onto the ship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}