{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,2,1,1,1]You flail your legs wide, catching the guy in front of you in the stomach.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He lets out an, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oof,\u8221\'94 of breath and stumbles back, tripping over his own feet and landing heavily on his ass.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey!\u8221\'94 the Greg holding you up by the arms says. He shakes you. \u8220\'93Calm down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The third Vagabond is in front of you in a second, standing between you and the one on the ground. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was a bad decision you just made there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The vagabond on the ground opens his mouth but just lets out a wheeze of air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What. Like you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re supposed to feel sorry for these people? They\u8217\'92re kidnapping you!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m alright, Boss.\u8221\'94 The one on the ground says. The Boss doesn\u8217\'92t turn around, just pulls out her own rope and grips you by the ankle - hard. You wince as her fingers dig in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She makes quick work of tying up your legs. You are dropped to the ground rather roughly and then a bag is being shoved over your head and tied around your neck. You choke for a second before the tie is loosened enough for you to breathe and tied off.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right then, boys. Let\u8217\'92s get going. We have to take this one back to base before [Xe] can make any more of a nuisance of [Xself].\u8221\'94 The Boss says. Someone picks you up - Greg by the feel of them - and hauls you over their shoulder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right you are, Boss.\u8221\'94 A grunt. \u8220\'93Thanks for the hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anytime, Patrick.\u8221\'94 She says. Greg shifts you on his shoulder and starts walking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,2,1,1,1]be carried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}