{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,3,1,1,1,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94LIABA!\u8221\'94 you yell as loud as you can through the cloth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93[Name]?!\u8221\'94 you hear distantly before a hand clamps over your mouth and you are dragged further away.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quick.\u8221\'94 A woman's voice says, \u8220\'93Someone heard. Let\u8217\'92s get out of here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You let out as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91oof\u8217\'92 of breath as you\u8217\'92re hoisted over someone\u8217\'92s shoulder. They start off at a loping run and your breath leaves you with a grunt with every heavy step. \u8220\'93Li - aba\u8221\'94 you say between breathes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Someone thumps you on the head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up.\u8221\'94 A deep voice says. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think we lost them.\u8221\'94 A third voice, \u8220\'93That was one hell of a close call. I\u8217\'92m glad we thought to bring Eve with us though. I don\u8217\'92t think the workers \u8216\'91av realised she\u8217\'92s with us!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can no longer hear the distant tread of workers. You strain your hearing over the pounding of your captors' feet, but there is no sign that Liaba has followed you. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help!\u8221\'94 you yell, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m - oof - over here!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your kidnappers pay no mind to your yelling this time. They have slowed down their sprinting to just a steady jog.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s put [Xer] down over there. We need to tie [Xer] up.\u8221\'94 The woman says.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure thing, Boss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You hear pounding feet and return to your struggling at earnest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92d I miss?\u8221\'94 Eve asks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,3,1,1,1,1,1]Be tied up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}