{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,3,1,1,1,1,1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the fuck, Eve.\u8221\'94 You say. The one holding you lowers you down to the ground, still holding you tight by your wrists.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What.\u8221\'94 She says. \u8220\'93Can you shut [Xer] up, Patrick?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can do! Hold [Xer] still, Greg\u8221\'94 the skinny man says. He shoves a cloth in your mouth while your distracted glaring at Eve and ties it off around your head. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve continues talking now that you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t reply. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not like we\u8217\'92re hurting you. Just calm down. This is for the greater good.\u8221\'94 You try and tug out of Greg\u8217\'92s hold on your hands but it\u8217\'92s no use. He is too strong.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Patrick hands her a rope and she quickly ties your hands together. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not like I didn\u8217\'92t ask you to join us. This was our only other option.\u8221\'94 Eve says. She ties the last rope around your ankles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should go.\u8221\'94 The woman says. \u8220\'93Have you got [Xer], Greg?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got \u8216\'91[Xm], Boss.\u8221\'94 He says. He hauls you back to your feet and over his shoulder again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. Let\u8217\'92s head over to Rasputin. He\u8217\'92ll be pleased to know we secured [Name] this time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,3,1,1,1,1,1,1]You jolt with every step Greg takes. It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take the group long to get where they\u8217\'92re going.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}