{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,2,3,1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94I\u8217\'92m looking for Eve. My sister? Do you know where I can find her?\u8221\'94 you ask. The three Vagabonds got closer until you are almost in the middle of the group. They\u8217\'92re all taller than you. You gulp nervously.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah we know \u8216\'91er. Didn\u8217\'92t expect to see you wanderin\u8217\'92 around these parts though, [Name]. We expected you to be asleep in bed, like a good little worker.\u8221\'94 The skinniest asks - the one who first called out to you. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah. Right.\u8221\'94 You say, \u8221\'94Well I\u8217\'92m looking for Eve. I\u8217\'92m not quite sure why I though she\u8217\'92d be hear of all places but to be honest I have no idea where to find her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We could take you to her if you like.\u8221\'94 The women says. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not far back to our base. That\u8217\'92s where Eve is usually to be found.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Patrick by the way.\u8221\'94The smaller, talkative man says, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Greg.\u8221\'94 He shoves a thumb at the hulking figure beside him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8217\'92Ello\u8221\'94 Greg says in a deep voice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that there\u8217\'92s our Boss.\u8221\'94 The women nods in acknowledgement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just follow us then and we\u8217\'92ll take you to your sister.\u8221\'94 She says. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,2,3,1,1]You follow them. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not as far as you would have thought to get back to the Vagabonds\u8217\'92 base.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,2,3,1,2]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94No, I-\u8221\'94 you say. \u8220\'93We weren\u8217\'92t asking.\u8221\'94 The Boss says. Greg grabs you roughly by the arms. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}