{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,1]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Your Aspect is unique - apart from that of your sister\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94 Rasputin says, \u8221\'94If I\u8217\'92m not mistaken your toxin immunity protects you from the Bioforms, does it not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ellie-May starts eating now that she isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the one talking to Rasputin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, yeah.\u8221\'94 You reply, \u8221\'94It does. Though I don\u8217\'92t use it for that much. It\u8217\'92s not like I go out into the forest on a regular basis. I mostly use it in the furnace room to protect everyone from the soot and fumes.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin nods his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that is precisely the point. Your Aspect has a range, it can cover multiple people. Eve can protect herself but we weren\u8217\'92t about to send her on her own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where exactly are we going? You said you had a flytecraft?\u8221\'94 you ask.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The where is a long story and to tell you the truth - I don\u8217\'92t know. And in regards to the flytecraft, it\u8217\'92s best I show you.\u8221\'94  He stands up. \u8220\'93Finish up your meals. You should be ready to leave in an hour.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turns to Eve, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And Eve. Round up Boss, Greg, and Patrick. Tell them the plans. I have more to organise before we leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve salutes, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin leaves the three of you to your food and heads back out into the main hall. You go back to eating.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1]Leave with the party. You have a flytecraft to catch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }}