{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1]The seven of you set off with little over an hour to spare. The other members of your party are a woman named Boss who is tall and serious looking and who seems to defer only to Rasputin, a large man names Greg, who has only said two words in the half hour since you met him, and a shorter man named Patrick - the same one who had bumped into you last night - who more than makes up for Greg\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s silence with his own chatter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to the Vagabonds!\u8221\'94 Patrick had said, vigorously shaking your hand after your sister had introduced you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s takes you less than half an hour before you\u8217\'92re nearing the edge of the city. Bioforms start popping up in cracks in the sidewalk and clinging to buildings. It makes Greg and Patrick nervous though they seem to understand that you protect them from the Bioform poison as they stick close to your side after that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time you see the flytecraft Bioforms are everywhere. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So they do have a flytecraft. Great flying machines that could move as unimaginable speeds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And now you are getting on one. And not just the wreckage of a decaying beast. You are getting on a working one and expecting it to transport you somewhere.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right on time.\u8221\'94 Rasputin says. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You turn around from staring at the inside of the flytecraft - its pristine white walls stretching further into the ship - to see several delivery drones making their slow mechanical way back to the flytecraft.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their trolleys are empty. They must be back from delivering their cargo whatever that was.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your groups steps out of their way as they load their empty trolleys back onto the ship and head further inside. The light is bright in the ship - brighter than you are used to.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin motions and you all follow the robots into the ship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It makes so much sense.\u8221\'94 Rasputin says, \u8220\'93That this ship would lead us to another civilisation. Look at how clean the walls are - do you see? Not even moss.\u8221\'94 Surprisingly, even though the flytecraft is surrounded by Bioforms, there are none inside.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The robots have tracked green Bioforms into the ship but the influence of your Aspect is already turning them brown and withered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The doors shut behind you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess this is it, eh?\u8221\'94 Patrick says,  staring at the closed door. \u8220\'93No turning back now, right Boss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are in this for the long haul.\u8221\'94 She says. \u8220\'93Right. New mission orders. You are to explore every inch of this flytecraft, learn more about it. We should try to deduce where it is taking us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turns to you. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is the range of your Aspect. Do we all need to stick together or can I send some of you off?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It more than covers the size of this ship.\u8221\'94 You say. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t even worry about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good.\u8221\'94 She says, \u8220\'93Patrick, Greg, Eve, [Name]. You four start searching the flytecraft for signs of life. Provisions, sleeping chambers, records. Rasputin, Ellie-may and I will look for the bridge. We need to know where we are going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greg nods and starts off in a direction with Patrick trailing behind. Ellie-May gives Eve a sad look before slipping after Rasputin where he has already walked off with Boss. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve grabs you by the arm, and the two of you head off after Greg and Patrick.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [C1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1,1]Arrive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}