{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1]You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get far into your search. Your group has mostly been opening and briefly searching empty room after empty room when you hear a rumbling sound from back near the entrance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 Patrick says straitening from where he was looking inside a cupboard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94 Eve says, \u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92m going to find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hurries out of the room and after a second of hesitation, you head out after her with Greg and Patrick bringing up the rear.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve lets out a shout from ahead of you. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What.\u8221\'94 You say, \u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We made it!\u8221\'94 Eve shouts back. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re there!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You break out into a sprint.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve is standing at the again open entryway, grinning back at you. Through the door, you can see the remnants of another civilisation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Except it is nothing like any you have seen before. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Green. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all green. It\u8217\'92s like the Bioforms grew into the shapes of buildings - all clean lines and paths all made from Bioforms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s also brighter than you have ever seen before. There is no smog to cover everything in its darkness. Just pure, unfiltered, sunlight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin, Ellie-May, and Boss rush into the room from another door. They must have heard the commotion. You see Rasputin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widen as Eve steps out into the open, unafraid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A figure looms out from a doorway. And for a second you think you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve done it. You\u8217\'92ve found another city just like your Fragos, another sanctuary for the last humans on Dirth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The figure steps out and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s green - just like the buildings. It is undoubtedly a Bioform from the rough mossy texture of its skin to the way the mouth gapes with vines. And yet the shape can only be described as humanoid as it walks towards your sister upright with two legs. Greg gasps and falls back, shocked by the sight of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Rasputin says, eyes wide. He stumbles forward as the figure looms on Eve. \u8220\'93Eve, get back here.\u8221\'94 He says.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alert of the danger to Eve you step out after her and watch as the Bioform flinches, and steps back from you. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your Aspect. Your Aspect protects against toxicity. That Bioform is toxic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More figures step out from the surrounding buildings, dozens of humanoid Bioforms. Some are tall or wide or hunched but all of them are green with flora and life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Boss covers her mouth with a soft gasp. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Those are people.\u8221\'94 She says. \u8220\'93All of them. Those are all humans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Humans. These are all humans. You watch as the Bioforms stand about or step closer. One of them reaches out with a mitten-like hand and touches Eve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm but flinches back from her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few get close enough to enter the reach of your Aspect but flinch back as if burned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They look almost harmless,\u8221\'94 Ellie-May says, tilting her head to the side.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You watch as she steps out after Eve - out of the reach of your Aspect\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s protection. She reaches out to a Bioform.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Patrick whimpers. Green Bioform moss clings to her hand when she pulls away and you watch as it clings to her fingers - fusing them together into one mitten-hand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve shouts \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94 and grabs onto Ellie-Mays hand herself. Immediately a red haze envelopes the two of them and the moss shrinks and falls from Ellie-May\u8217\'92s hand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eve laughs pulling Ellie-May into a hug. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess our Aspects are compatible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasputin speaks for the first time in a while. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So this is what they found. If Juniper even survived the trip, she would have been exposed to these- these-\u8221\'94 He hesitates. \u8220\'93-These people. These are the people who have been sending Fragos the rations. These Bioforms are the reason we have survived this long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He steps out, standing just inside the edge of your protections where the Bioforms have stopped outside of. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Bioform reaches out, through the barrier of your Aspect, and touches Rasputin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. As you watch it the green of its hand browns and wilts. Rasputin, quieter than before says, \u8220\'93Why.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Finish]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [END]}}