{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1.1.2.3]You bite hard into the hand covering your mouth and and taste blood. The man yelps, startlingly high pitched. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93[Xe] bit me.\u8221\'94 He says.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi! That\u8217\'92s rude you piece of fuck.\u8221\'94 A second male voice says from closer to the bed then you would like. You let out a shout of alarm and push yourself backwards away from the two attackers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shhhhhhh!\u8221\'94 a female voice says from closer to the door, sounding angry. \u8220\'93Keep it down. We don\u8217\'92t want to be caught.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes you fucking do. You shout out a strangled \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help!\u8221\'94 before the same large hands are closing over your mouth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop.\u8221\'94 He says. You strain and scratch at his hands. You hear and loud thud coming from the room next to yours and a voice muffled through the walls. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit, boss. Abort?\u8221\'94 the second male says, backing away from you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Agreed.\u8221\'94 The woman says. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get out of here before the whole building comes down on us.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first and largest assailant immediately lets go of you and sprints out the door, his footfalls surprisingly light for his large frame. The second man falls back almost as quickly, stumbling over himself on the way out the door and then all three of them are gone, leaving the door clicked shut behind them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck. You breath, feeling you face over for bruises. }}